with everything he was solid with 202 2 with so many dollars or 2% more of this
mode swallowed the toad
the interview
some migrants so much cristian
this way garcía
Modest pose are refreshing like a vat detected
when it will represent the section more police officers said to speak
identifications name shots migrant I said to the karateca of matelo
municipal commissions we are not doing anything bad is migration but
Now, what is he going to come to migration, what he told them, is that they open up a selective
the migrants pulled him away even I stayed I talked to the others leave the
blind because they are hot then in total and with their camera
why this chain be and then he guatemala stayed there that would lead
that were already suspected narcos people but negative were criminals and
wages for this chalet human supply robocup 500 mah two on the way
of the migrant what and in that they tied it they took it away and then hilton what
found pacquiao and the fair obviously vicente vázquez who declared everything
this was a lady that this water are two the bones loa in the restaurant and
yes bulging and the machin when he saw that the police gave municipal the
they were selling minimal human feelings
said about 800-1 complete paoletti
The shuttle
nobody out
maybe in some points
ap but chillingly open because they used human remains to
moor holland
for example in the first case they put it was kept some head high up
and the ratito does not find adrián the colony sentry on the avenue
Cuauhtémoc found a blanket with the legs and feet of the victim
and later all find or not suitable to martos to be the third I was
obviously on another pedestrian bridge of the colony the hilamas held with the
severed hands are going to offer it to me
we are well in addition to the one of juan bouza now yes they were put ahead and a use
illegal
paola krum
but still he has stated
the municipality of tubutama sonora and a diversity of mahón that chihuahua both
panistas are among the 45
those executed between the closed night
Monday at night to the sea
everything what are these facts related to organized crime only eleven
states participate even more in this issue
the deceased for the time being because there is the question of the executed
more climbing the cougars without every day goes up greetings sonic beauty that
they have asked those with pleasure also to Guadalajara said that it came out to
light the poll that the happiest reason
the happiest of all the national territory without life in Jalisco and
precisely in
max that followed the goal congratulations and with the priest ras and how they will not be
well pleased if the old also tiny prices attacked with kicks